= halostatue's Unixish Configuration

This has the configuration files and standard scripts that I use for everything
except vim configuration on Unixish hosts (primarily Mac OS X and Ubuntu
Linux). My vim configuration is a separate repository for historical and
practical reasons.

== Installation

  git clone git://github.com/halostatue/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  rake -T # prints out the files that have <.replace> in them
  rake install # Installs the config

=== Merged Files

Note that there are several files which are merged with other files for
enhanced or private configuration. These will always live in the +file+
namespace, as shown below (output from <tt>rake -T</tt>):

  rake file:gitconfig   # Includes: ~/.github-token, include/gitconfig.darwin
  rake file:hgrc        # Includes: include/hgrc.darwin
  rake file:ssh-config  # Includes: ~/.ssh-host, ~/.ssh-work
  rake force            # Force operations.
  rake install          # Install dot files into user's home directory.
  rake noop             # Turn all operations into noops.

Where it says +include/gitconfig.darwin+, this is an automatically configured
value that is the equivalent of:

  uname | tr A-Z a-z

== Environment

I primarily use Mac OS X and Ubuntu Linux, and I use this to configure my
environment when I'm using Zsh. When I need a pure bash environment, I will use
the work bash environment. Fortunately, I am usually able to use Zsh.

== Features

There are tons of features. One of these days, I'll document them all. 

=== Ordered startup

Major startup for the Zsh environment is fairly ordered and is controlled by
the names of the files in zsh/rc.d.

Startup within the .zsh is fairly ordered.

=== Plugins

There's a new plugin system that is being implemented to make various pieces
load more dynamically.

== Inspiration

The basic structure was originally based on Ryan Bates's dotfile
configurations, but my own biases and influences from other example
repositories have been adopted here making regular merges impossible.

I have liberally taken inspiration and code from the following projects,
repositories and other places on the 'net that I'm not even sure of anymore.

=== ryanb/dotfiles

* https://github.com/ryanb/dotfiles

=== henrik/dotfiles

* https://github.com/henrik/dotfiles

=== zshkit

* https://github.com/bkerley/zshkit
* https://github.com/mattfoster/zshkit

=== oh-my-zsh

* https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh

*
